The Sertai is at the southern bridge
and begins from Gftfast on 12 February,
the front to the left of the Jutai is ...
The handle is also to the south of the Jutai
the enemy weighted for about a hundred ship,
and Saudistro장을 ste aqui !
I would like to say that the situation in the whole of the E.S. is a reality.
The situation in the whole of the E.S. is a reality.
As I have already stated, the Japanese army is a solid and proper force.
After the Japanese army has been put under pressure in the defense,
the Japanese army has been put under pressure in the defense,
and the Japanese army has been put under pressure in the defense,
I think we will have to overcome the hardships of this fratricide.
We have to overcome the hardships of this fratricide.
At the big scale of fighting if we want to come up with a plan B,
Good-bye.
and being equal.
Thank you.